1. Day81 : Minimum Cost To Make Two Strings Identical
Given two strings X and Y, and two values costX and costY, the task is to find the minimum cost required to make the given two strings identical. 
You can delete characters from both the strings. 
The cost of deleting a character from string X is costX and from Y is costY. The cost of removing all characters from a string is the same.¶
2. Day 82 : Stickler the thief wants to loot money from a society having n houses in a single line. He is a weird person and follows a certain rule when looting the houses. According to the rule, he will never loot two consecutive houses.
At the same time, he wants to maximize the amount he loots. The thief knows which house has what amount of money but is unable to come up with an optimal looting strategy. 
He asks for your help to find the maximum money he can get if he strictly follows the rule. Each house has a[i] amount of money present in it.
3. Day 83 : You have N stacks of books. Each stack of books has some non zero height Hi equal to the number of books on that stack ( considering all the books are identical and each book has a height of 1 unit ). In one move, you can select any number of consecutive stacks of books such that the height of each selected stack of books Hi <= K . Once such a sequence of stacks is chosen , You can collect any number of books from the chosen sequence of stacks .
What is the maximum number of books that you can collect this way ?
4. Day 84 : You have a rectangular grid mat of dimension 2 x N. You need to find out the maximum sum such that no two chosen numbers are adjacent, vertically, diagonally or horizontally.
5. Day 85 : There are N points on the road ,you can step ahead by 1 or 2 . Find the number of ways you can reach at point N. 
6. Day 86 : A frog jumps either 1, 2, or 3 steps to go to the top. In how many ways can it reach the top. As the answer will be large find the answer modulo 1000000007.
7. Day 87 : You are given n days and for each day (di) you can select one of the following options:1.perform no task  2. perform a high effort task (hi) only if its the first day or if you chose no-task on the previous day 3.perform a low effort task (li)
Write a program to find the maximum amount of tasks you can perform within these n days. 
8. Day 88 : Given an integer N denoting the Length of a line segment. You need to cut the line segment in such a way that the cut length of a line segment each time is either x , y or z. Here x, y, and z are integers.
After performing all the cut operations, your total number of cut segments must be maximum.
9. Day 89 : Find the length of the longest common substring
10. Day 90 : Imagine you have a special keyboard with the following keys: 

Key 1:  Prints 'A' on screen
Key 2: (Ctrl-A): Select screen
Key 3: (Ctrl-C): Copy selection to buffer
Key 4: (Ctrl-V): Print buffer on screen appending it after what has already been printed.

Find maximum numbers of A's that can be produced by pressing keys on the special keyboard N times. 
