Day91 : Given a string, find the length of the longest repeating subsequence such that the two subsequences don't have same string character at the same position, i.e., any i'th character in the two subsequences shouldn't have the same index in the original string.
Day92 : There are N different vegetable sellers in a line. A single kilogram each of brinjal, carrot and tomato are available with every seller but at different prices. Geek wants to buy exactly one vegetable from one shop and avoid buying the same vegetables from adjacent shops.  Given the cost of each vegetable in each shop in a Nx3 matrix, calculate the minimum amount of money that Geek must spend in the inspection. 
Day93 : Given two strings S and T of length n and m respectively. find count of distinct occurrences of T in S as a sub-sequence. 
Day94 : Given a value N, find the number of ways to make change for N cents, if we have infinite supply of each of S = { S1, S2, .. , SM } valued coins. 
Day95 : Given an array Arr of size N, each element of the array represents the amount of calories, the task is to calculate the maximum of amount of calories you can get remembering the fact that you cannot take three consecutive calories.
Day96 : Knapsack with Duplicate items : Given a set of N items, each with a weight and a value, and a weight limit W. Find the maximum value of a collection containing any of the N items any number of times so that the total weight is less than or equal to W.¶
Day97 : A Lucas Number is a number which is represented by the following recurrence : Ln = Ln-1 + Ln-2 for n>1; L0 = 2; L1 = 1. Given a number N, find the Nth lucas number.
Day98 : Given a point on x axis, (N,0), you are standing at origin and you can only move on x-axis. Lets say you are at (x,0), at each step you can either move one step forward ie (x+1,0) or one step backwards (x-1,0) or make a jump to double your current position (2*x,0). One step movement costs you A while a jump costs you B. If your initial position is (0,0) , find the minimum cost to reach (N,0) .
Day99 : Given an array arr of size N, the task is to remove or delete the minimum number of elements from the array so that when the remaining elements are placed in the same sequence order form an increasing sorted sequence.
Day100 : Egg Dropping Puzzle
Suppose you have N eggs and you want to determine from which floor in a K-floor building you can drop an egg such that it doesn't break. You have to determine the minimum number of attempts you need in order find the critical floor in the worst case while using the best strategy.There are few rules given below.
1.An egg that survives a fall can be used again.
2.A broken egg must be discarded.
3.The effect of a fall is the same for all eggs.
4.If the egg doesn't break at a certain floor, it will not break at any floor below.
5.If the eggs breaks at a certain floor, it will break at any floor above.
